divorce
Right
Sunan, you are 28 years old.
How old are you?
If you go out with him
What would people say about you?
Say your old cow eats tender grass
I never cared what people said
Mom, you told me
As long as you get married, you can't find someone so much younger than you, can you?
What's wrong with the person I introduced to you?
People have money
He also promised to help you manage the company after marriage
You can take care of your children at home with peace of mind
Mom, what age is this?
Which law requires women to stay at home with children?
I don't care, this person is not good anyway
I should have given you 20 points in the first place
Send you directly to work
Must read
After reading it for a few years, my heart has been attracted
Anyway.
This marriage must be divorced
The sooner the better.
If it is spread by your second aunt's big tongue
It will be a second marriage in the future
What other man would want you?
Won't work
Why can't you listen to your advice?
Mom, it's all for your own good
Sunan
Let's go
Hello Mr. Su
Something big happened